#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
altair==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.3
    # via streamlit
branca==0.6.0
    # via
    #   folium
    #   streamlit-folium
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via streamlit
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   rpy2
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   streamlit
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit-extras
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.0
    # via stack-data
faker==19.10.0
    # via streamlit-faker
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
fiona==1.9.5
    # via geopandas
folium==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-folium
fonttools==4.43.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
geojson==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geopandas==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keplergl
    #   osmnx
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.37
    # via streamlit
htbuilder==0.6.2
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via streamlit
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.16.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipywidgets
ipywidgets==7.8.1
    # via keplergl
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
    #   rpy2
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-folium
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.7
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.7
    # via ipywidgets
keplergl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-keplergl
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.3
    # via markdownlit
mapclassify==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.5
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit-faker
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via htbuilder
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.9.2
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   mapclassify
    #   osmnx
notebook==7.0.5
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   folium
    #   mapclassify
    #   matplotlib
    #   osmnx
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-express
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   rasterio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
osmnx==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   geopandas
    #   keplergl
    #   mapclassify
    #   osmnx
    #   plotly-express
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   plotly-express
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
plotly-express==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pymdown-extensions==10.3
    # via markdownlit
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via geopandas
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   faker
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pymdown-extensions
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rasterio==1.3.8.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   folium
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   osmnx
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.6.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.10.6
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rpy2==3.5.13
    # via -r requirements.in
rtree==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via mapclassify
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   mapclassify
    #   plotly-express
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==3.0.2
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.0.2
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   keplergl
    #   osmnx
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   fiona
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
st-annotated-text==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via plotly-express
streamlit==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-folium
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keplergl
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==0.0.61
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-folium==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.6
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keplergl==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-keyup==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.11.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via keplergl
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   pydantic
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.1
    # via
    #   rpy2
    #   streamlit
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via requests
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.6.6
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
